system-variables: Link various resources related to MAX_EXECUTION_TIME (#12231)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

>
> Unlike in MySQL, the `max_execution_time` system variable currently works on all kinds of statements in TiDB, not only restricted to the `SELECT` statement. The precision of the timeout value is roughly 100ms. This means the statement might not be terminated in accurate milliseconds as you specify.

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> This setting can be overridden on a per query basis with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint. It can also be used together with SQL bindings as described [in the SQL FAQ](/faq/sql-faq.md#how-to-prevent-the-execution-of-a-particular-sql-statement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a SQL statement with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint, the maximum execution time of this statement is limited by the hint instead of this variable. The hint can also be used with SQL bindings as described [in the SQL FAQ](/faq/sql-faq.md#how-to-prevent-the-execution-of-a-particular-sql-statement).
```

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> This setting can be overridden on a per query basis with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint. It can also be used together with SQL bindings as described [in the SQL FAQ](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a SQL statement with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint, the maximum execution time of this statement is limited by the hint instead of this variable. The hint can also be used with SQL bindings as described [in the SQL FAQ](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-faq).
```
